tutorials/first-steps/nix-language: Fix the nixpkgs example (#621)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/first-steps/nix-language.md

Explanation:

> - This expression is a function that takes an attribute set which must have exactly the attributes `lib`, `stdenv`, and `fetchurl`.

Author: Perhaps it way be worthwhile to mention here why `nixpkgs` expressions don't need to use `...`. (The answer is that `callPackage` uses `builtins.functionArgs` to introspect the function, so it knows what arguments it expects.)

Reviewer: While it's true, I don't think we should pollute overwhelmed beginners' minds with additional information. `callPackage` is entirely out of scope here. That bit should be documented in Nixpkgs contributing guides or the part on `callPackage`.

Author: For what it's worth, here is my experience as a beginner:

1. Read https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/language/index.html
2. Read this tutorial
3. Be confused why `...` is not required here. Was the language spec out of date? I had to ask on the Matrix channel to learn that it works because the caller does introspection.

Reviewer: I understand. Still I'd like not to expand the scope here. The `callPackage` pattern is surely worth an introduction of it's own, and we could import and slightly update this article: https://summer.nixos.org/blog/callpackage-a-tool-for-the-lazy/ (it needs a new home anyway) and then link to it the end of this tutorial.

- It returns the result of evaluating the function `mkDerivation`, which is an attribute of `stdenv`, applied to a recursive set.

> - The recursive set passed to `mkDerivation` uses its own `pname` and `version` attributes in the argument to the function `fetchurl`, which is an attribute of the argument attribute set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The recursive set passed to `mkDerivation` uses its own `pname` and `version` attributes in the argument to the function `fetchurl`.
  `fetchurl` itself comes from the outer function's arguments.
```

Not sure about the phrasing. It's a bit clumsy, but I agree it should be made explicit.

- The `meta` attribute is itself an attribute set, where the `license` attribute has the value that was assigned to the nested attribute `lib.licenses.gpl3Plus`.

> The package can be built by running `nix-build -E 'with import <nixpkgs> {}; callPackage ./hello.nix {}'`.

Reviewer: While it's good to make sure the example is correct, I'm not sure we should have it here. It introduces an entirely new concept with `callPackage`, which is quite magical.

For a moment I contemplated if we could make a "naive" example with the tools provided here, but it would be misleading because no one does it that way. Also I wouldn't want to go deeply into assessing the various ways to access packages here. It's a can of worms on its own. This tutorial is only about the language.

I think it's better to leave it out. @NixOS/documentation-team what do you think?
